README.md, before:

# CNF-Generator
This Code generates CNF-files using [Input data](#input-data).

Example for a CNF:
> c  
> c Input Variance: 1000000000000  
> c Actual Variance: 1028411394552  
> c Input number of vars : 100  
> c Input use Fam rules: true  
> c Input Fam size: 1-4  
> c Input Rule size: 2-5  
> c Input False Variables: 3  
> c Actual False Variables: 3 Vars  
> c Input True Variables: 13  
> c Actual True Variables: 12 Vars  
> c  
> p cnf 100 231  
> 26 0  
> -60 -43 -48 -71 0  
> -93 -71 -74 -93 0  
> -87 -89 -84 -29 -62 0  
> -100 -33 -81 -6 -94 0  
> -10 -45 -29 -6 -94 0  
> -72 -92 -73 -49 -51 0  
> -1 -74 -87 0  
> -17 -74 -48 -72 0  
> -79 -3 -80 -79 0  

# Run
To run this Code you need to download the Sat4J/c2d Solver and integrate it into your Project.

#### [Download Sat4J](#download-sat4j-1)
*  In IntelliJ go to File -> Project Structure -> Libraries -> + -> Java and select the org.sat4j-core.jar
#### [Download c2d](#download-c2d)
*  Just put the c2d.exe into the main folder(CNF-Generator)
*  If the name is not 'c2d.exe' e.g. 'c2d_windows.exe'/ 'c2d_linux.exe' you have to rename the file

# Download Sat4J

Releases are available at [OW2 Releases](https://gitlab.ow2.org/sat4j/sat4j/-/releases)

Select [Precompiled binaries](https://release.ow2.org/sat4j/) to download a .jar directly. I used the core-version for this Project.

# Download c2d

Release are available at [reasoning.cs.ucla.edu](http://reasoning.cs.ucla.edu/c2d/)

Under the Download section you will find the download link

# Input data
TODO

# Example Dialog
With starting the program you will get a dialog like this:

> How many Variables should exist?  

> 50

> Do you want to use family rules? type: 'true' or 'false'  

> false

> Only the (family) rules result in a variance of: 1125899906842624  
> respectively  
> 1.125.899.906.842.624
> What variance should be maintained, with the other rules added independently of the families?  
> Write WITHOUT points. The result can deviate up to 5% from the variance entered.  

> 1000000000

> Maximum deviation in the result: 50000000  
> what lengths should the other family independent rules have. e.g. (2-6)  
> You should start with min Rule size = 2. If rule size is 1 the variable in this rule will be always false  

> 2-5

> What percentage of the variables should be False. Slice as decimal number. e.g. 0.11 or 0.04  
> Now there are 0 False Vars in rule set

> 0.04

> This results in 2 variables that should always be False  
> What percentage of the variables should be True. Slice as decimal number. e.g. 0.09  
> Now there are 0 True Vars in rule set  

> 0.08

> This results in 4 variables that should always be True  
 
After answering all questions, the program will start to pick random variables, create rules with them and verify them with satisfiability and variance.

Commit message:

Changed project description and refer to example dialog.

README.md, after:

# CNF-Generator
This code generates CNF files based on input data that is entered in a dialog.  
An example of a dialog can be found here [Example Dialog](#example-dialog). 

# Example CNF:
> c  
> c Input Variance: 1000000000000  
> c Actual Variance: 1028411394552  
> c Input number of vars : 100  
> c Input use Fam rules: true  
> c Input Fam size: 1-4  
> c Input Rule size: 2-5  
> c Input False Variables: 3  
> c Actual False Variables: 3 Vars  
> c Input True Variables: 13  
> c Actual True Variables: 12 Vars  
> c  
> p cnf 100 231  
> 26 0  
> -60 -43 -48 -71 0  
> -93 -71 -74 -93 0  
> -87 -89 -84 -29 -62 0  
> -100 -33 -81 -6 -94 0  
> -10 -45 -29 -6 -94 0  
> -72 -92 -73 -49 -51 0  
> -1 -74 -87 0  
> -17 -74 -48 -72 0  
> -79 -3 -80 -79 0  
> ...

# Run
To run this Code you need to download the Sat4J/c2d Solver and integrate it into your Project.

#### [Download Sat4J](#download-sat4j-1)
*  In IntelliJ go to File -> Project Structure -> Libraries -> + -> Java and select the org.sat4j-core.jar
#### [Download c2d](#download-c2d)
*  Just put the c2d.exe into the main folder(CNF-Generator)
*  If the name is not 'c2d.exe' e.g. 'c2d_windows.exe'/ 'c2d_linux.exe' you have to rename the file

# Download Sat4J

Releases are available at [OW2 Releases](https://gitlab.ow2.org/sat4j/sat4j/-/releases)

Select [Precompiled binaries](https://release.ow2.org/sat4j/) to download a .jar directly. I used the core-version for this Project.

# Download c2d

Release are available at [reasoning.cs.ucla.edu](http://reasoning.cs.ucla.edu/c2d/)

Under the Download section you will find the download link

# Input data
TODO

# Example Dialog
With starting the program you will get a dialog like this:

> How many Variables should exist?  

> 50

> Do you want to use family rules? type: 'true' or 'false'  

> false

> Only the (family) rules result in a variance of: 1125899906842624  
> respectively  
> 1.125.899.906.842.624
> What variance should be maintained, with the other rules added independently of the families?  
> Write WITHOUT points. The result can deviate up to 5% from the variance entered.  

> 1000000000

> Maximum deviation in the result: 50000000  
> what lengths should the other family independent rules have. e.g. (2-6)  
> You should start with min Rule size = 2. If rule size is 1 the variable in this rule will be always false  

> 2-5

> What percentage of the variables should be False. Slice as decimal number. e.g. 0.11 or 0.04  
> Now there are 0 False Vars in rule set

> 0.04

> This results in 2 variables that should always be False  
> What percentage of the variables should be True. Slice as decimal number. e.g. 0.09  
> Now there are 0 True Vars in rule set  

> 0.08

> This results in 4 variables that should always be True  
 
After answering all questions, the program will start to pick random variables, create rules with them and verify them with satisfiability and variance.
